=head1 Petris Help

# $Id: petris-help.pod,v 1.3 1999/08/28 22:14:01 root Exp $

# Copyright (c) Mark Summerfield 1999. All Rights Reserved.
# May be used/distributed under the GPL.

Press <C<Escape>> or <C<q>> to close this help window; scroll using
the scrollbar, arrow keys, <C<PageUp>> or <C<PageDown>>.

=head2 Aim

This is a standard Tetris game. The aim is to gain the highest possible
score.

=head2 Play

You must fit the dropping blocks together so as to completely fill rows.
Each filled row is removed from the board and the score is increased
for every removed row. The dropping blocks can be moved from side to side
and rotated - but they cannot overlap the edges or the blocks that have
gone before. Game ends when you cannot place another block on the board

=head2 Keystrokes

=over

=item *

C<s>    Start a new game.

=item

C<SPACEBAR> Pause/resume the game.

=item

C<o>    Change the options.

=item

C<a>    Show the About box.

=item

C<F1>   Invoke this help window.

=item

C<q>    Quit the game.

=item   

C<UP-ARROW>, C<k>, C<f> Rotate the block. (Resumes if paused.)

=item

C<DOWN-ARROW>, C<j>, C<b>   Drop the block immediately. (Resumes if paused.)

=item

C<LEFT-ARROW>, C<h>, C<d>   Move the block left. (Resumes if paused.)

=item

C<RIGHT-ARROW>, C<l>, C<g>  Move the block right. (Resumes if paused.)

=back

To see other keystrokes, or to change or add your own, see the file
C<petris-keys.pl>.

=head2 Options

Options should be set using the Options dialogue. User options are stored in
C<~/.games/petrisrc> (or C<PETRIS.INI> for Win32).

Any options you change in this file take precedence over the default options.
To reinstate a default option delete or comment out (with C<#>) the option(s)
you wish to reinstate - the next time you run the game the defaults will be
back.


=head2 Copyright

C<summer@chest.ac.uk>

Copyright (c) Mark Summerfield 1999. All Rights Reserved.

Petris may be used/distributed under the GPL.

Petris is a clone of Tetris which was invented by Alexey Paszhitnov, Dmitry
Pavlovsky and Vadim Gerasimov.

=cut
